docs: improve cleverMerge to respect byDependency order correctly (#3845)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/loaders.md

Resolves the given request to a module, applies all configured loaders and calls back with the generated source, the sourceMap and the module instance (usually an instance of [`NormalModule`](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/NormalModule.js)). Use this function if you need to know the source code of another module to generate the result.

> `this.loadModule` in loader context uses commonjs resolve rules by default. Use `this.getResolve` with an appropriate `dependencyType`, e. g. `esm` or `commonjs` or a custom one before using a different semantic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`this.loadModule` in a loader context uses CommonJS resolve rules by default. Use `this.getResolve` with an appropriate `dependencyType`, e. g. `esm` or `commonjs` or a custom one before using a different semantic.
```

> `this.loadModule` in a loader context uses CommonJS resolve rules by default. Use `this.getResolve` with an appropriate `dependencyType`, e. g. `esm` or `commonjs` or a custom one before using a different semantic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`this.loadModule` in a loader context uses CommonJS resolve rules by default. Use `this.getResolve` with an appropriate `dependencyType`, e. g. `'esm'`, `'commonjs'` or a custom one before using a different semantic.
```
